but I'll show you some so as soon as you
get to the house when it gets dark
so you'll be looking at the house you
will take a right but try and stay on
the road if you can see it then there
should be a tree just slightly off to
the right with a poster on it from the
last location go into the house now go
through the door and go to the left side
of the stairs and you'll find your
collectible number - there it is
collectible number three as soon as you
go from the last location go for the
next door and pick up the next
collectible on the desk from that last
location now you want to play on the
piano just keep pressing the buttons and
it will start playing a certain tune and
you're getting achievement so it's not
that difficult just keep on pressing the
piano title number four from the
previous location go for the next door
into the kitchen and on the refrigerator
- freezer depends what kind of fridge is
you'll see another collectible from that
last location turn left on the desk on
the table for the kitchen - we'll find
another letter
also from that previous location go
towards the garage area door but ignore
the right door go left and see a radio
and a next note you could pick up okay
for the team it just click on the radio
so it plays a song and click on it again
and you'll play a different song good
I'm not sure if you have to leave for a
little bit and click it so just dis
fiddle about with it and you'll get the
achievement
there we go you have to play all the
tracks in the house from that last
location so this is after you get the
flashlight and you do your business now
we need to leave the house with the
front door and go to the kids climbing
frame right away the kids slide there'll
be a collectable number seven on this on
this one as well also for the
collectibles them you don't need to
collect every one because some of them
are duplicates of the others so just
need to collect one of each collectible
so from the pole and then you're going
to go down here so just slide down it
walk down it and you get the chin for
sliding down the slide I've already got
the issue but you will get each of it
here
collectible number eight okay well if we
leave in the house go for the gate here
you should see a generator off to your
right hand side glowing horns up a red
glow in background
and you might as well just return out of
it to my later weight of the generator
on now follow the dirt road or the dead
path and you'll see some like wire on
the ground they're not on that ball
but dude now on top of that would be a
collectible
shortly after you'll come to another
generator
so you want to go over the bridge this
bridge here
soon as you go over just follow the dark
path from your cell house off to your
left and you need to enter it
okay there are two collectibles in this
house not sure if you have to collect
them both but I did anyway just to be
sure soon as you enter you want to go
left and go to the back of the house but
you have to still be in the house of
just go in the back area of this house
and you'll see a painting or some sort
just buried underground there we go
take them all number 10 now go to the
front door we F this house
from here and go straight across
in your pickup your collectible
that part's scare the crap out of me
buying a lie so essentially the house go
left go past a generator make sure you
turn on those well if you want to and on
these bags here you will see your
collectible number 11 there's Slenderman
there he is okay why don't you get to
the final area once you get to this some
outside Oakside Park site you go into
the door this case will you go right
past it as soon as you pick it up the
level will finish so we're right here
master fine I won't finish no